.TH sbofind 1 "Pungenday, Confusion 37, 3182 YOLD" "sbotools 2.0" dawnrazor.net
.SH NAME
.P
sbofind - search slackbuilds.org tree for a given name
.SH SYNAPSES
.P
sbofind [-h|-v] [-ir] search_term
.SH DESCRIPTION
.P
sbofind searches the names of all slackbuilds for a given term. It reports back any slackbuilds found along with the path for each. This is equivalent to running "cd /usr/ports; make search name=$search_term display=name,path" on a FreeBSD system. If the repository includes a TAGS.txt file, that will be used to find more results as well.
.SH OPTIONS
.P
-h|--help
.RS
Show help information.
.RE
.P
-v|--version
.RS
Show version information.
.RE
.P
-i|--info
.RS
Show the contents of the .info file for each slackbuild found.
.RE
.P
-r|--readme
.RS
Show the contents of the README file for each slackbuild found.
.RE
.P
-q|--queue
.RS
Show the build queue for each slackbuild found.
.RE
.SH EXIT CODES
.P
sbofind can exit with the following exit codes:
.RS

0: all operations were succesful.
.RE
.RS
1: a usage error occured, ie sbofind was ran with nothing to find.
.RE
.RS
6: sbofind was unable to obtain a required file handle.
.RE
.SH BUGS
.P
None known, but there may be some. Please report any found to https://github.com/pink-mist/sbotools/issues ; patches are always welcome.
.SH SEE ALSO
.P
sbocheck(1), sboclean(1), sboconfig(1), sboinstall(1), sboremove(1), sbosnap(1), sboupgrade(1), sbotools.conf(5)
.SH AUTHORS
.P
Jacob Pipkin <j@dawnrazor.net>
.P
Luke Williams <xocel@iquidus.org>
.P
Andreas Guldstrand <andreas.guldstrand@gmail.com>
