.TH sboinstall 1 "Pungenday, the 2nd day of Confusion in the YOLD 3178" "sbotools 0.5 fnord" dawnrazor.net
.SH NAME
.P
sboinstall - install slackbuilds
.SH SYNAPSES
.P
sboinstall [-h] [-v] [-d TRUE|FALSE] [-j #|FALSE] [-c TRUE|FALSE] [-N] [-r] [-R] [-i] [-p] sbo_name (sbo_name)
.SH DESCRIPTION
.P
sboinstall is equivalent to sboupgrade -N, but is faster, so is preferred if only installing one or more new packages. If the -r flag is NOT specified, sboinstall will attempt to grok a list of requirements in the README for a given slackbuild. If such a list exists, sboinstall will look to see whether or not those requirements are already installed, and if not, it will ask whether or not it should attempt to install them first. Note that this method is FAR from foolproof, which is why this does not happen if the README is bypassed. sboinstall will also note groupadd and useradd commands in README files and offer to run those first. If the README documents options of the KEY=value form, sboinstall will offer the opportunity to set options.
.SH OPTIONS
.P
-h
.RS
Show help information.
.RE
.P
-v
.RS
Show sbotools version information.
.RE
.P
-c (TRUE|FALSE)
.RS
If TRUE, then DO NOT clean working directories after building the slackbuild. These are the directories where the source is unpacked and compiled, and where the package is put together in, which are under /tmp/SBo. By default, these directories are removed after building an slackbuild. This option leaves those directories in place. This can be set as default via the sboconfig(1) command. Also see sbotools.conf(5). This option overrides the default.
.RE
.P
-d (TRUE|FALSE)
.RS
If TRUE, then DO remove the source code after building the slackbuild. By default, the source code is not removed, and lives under $SBO_HOME/distfiles, which, by default, is /usr/sbo/distfiles; this option can be set as default via the sboconfig(1) command. See also sbotools.conf(5). This option overrides the default.
.RE
.P
-i
.RS
Do not actually install the package created at the end of the build process. So, the slackbuild will be run, and the package will be left in /tmp, or in $PKG_DIR if so defined (see sboconfig(1) and sbotools.conf(5)).
.RE
.P
-j (#|FALSE)
.RS
If numeric (2,5,10, etc), then that number will be fed to the "-j" argument to make when a slackbuild which invokes "make" is run. This only makes sense on multicore systems, where one might set the JOBS to the number of available cores, or half that number, etc.
.RE
.P
-p
.RS
Create a -compat32 package instead of a normal x86_64 package on multilib x86_64 systems. This requires /usr/sbin/convertpkg-compat32; this can at least be obtained from AlienBob's compat32-tools package - see http://alien.slackbook.org/blog/. Note that this may or may not be foolproof, and is not supported by anyone; not me, not AlienBob, not Slackware, etc. I recommend using this with the -i option so that the created package can be inspected prior to installation. If you find that a particular slackbuild needs additional help to be created as -compat32 package, contact me at j@dawnrazor.net.
.RE
.P
-r
.RS
Skip viewing of the README and the yes or no question which accompanies it. Anytime sboupgrade or sboinstall is run, the first thing the command will attempt to do is show you the README for a given slackbuild and ask whether or not you wish to proceed; this option skips the README and bypasses the question. If multiple slackbuilds are specified, this option bypasses them all.
.RE
-R
.RS
This option causes sboupgrade to skip requirement parsing, but still show the README and prompt the user to proceed.
.RE
.SH BUGS
.P
Requirement parsing is not foolproof; there are very likely corner cases where it does not function as expected. If any such cases are found, please report this to j@dawnrazor.net; patches are always welcome as well.
.SH SEE ALSO
.P
sbocheck(1), sboclean(1), sboconfig(1), sbofind(1), sbosnap(1), sbotools.conf(5)
.SH AUTHOR
.P
Jacob Pipkin <j@dawnrazor.net>
